release: v1.37.0 (#7199)
GoogleContainerTools/skaffold: CHANGELOG.md

* docs: cross platform build support in GCB [#7140](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/skaffold/pull/7140)
* docs: make noCache option more clear [#7141](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/skaffold/pull/7141)
* docs: Remove references to XXenableJibInit and XXenableBuildpacksInit from init docs [#7108](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/skaffold/pull/7108)
* docs: refresh DEVELOPMENT.md [#7129](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/skaffold/pull/7129)
* docs: make explicit that user needs to change PROJECT_ID [#7068](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/skaffold/pull/7068)
* chore: Update ROADMAP.md [#7115](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/skaffold/pull/7115)
* docs: add section on deactivating profiles [#7100](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/skaffold/pull/7100)

Huge thanks goes out to all of our contributors for this release:

- Aaron Prindle
- Adam Jensen
- Andreas Sommer
- Brandon High
- Chris Ge
- Christopher Bartz
- Dan Williams
- Gaurav
- Halvard Skogsrud
- Marlon Gamez
- Michael Mohamed
- Riccardo Carlesso
- Savas Ersin
- Steven Powell

> - Tejal Desai

Reviewer: always happy to see my name.

# v1.37.0 Release - 03/16/2022
**Linux amd64**
`curl -Lo skaffold https://storage.googleapis.com/skaffold/releases/v1.37.0/skaffold-linux-amd64 && chmod +x skaffold && sudo mv skaffold /usr/local/bin`

**Linux arm64**
`curl -Lo skaffold https://storage.googleapis.com/skaffold/releases/v1.37.0/skaffold-linux-arm64 && chmod +x skaffold && sudo mv skaffold /usr/local/bin`

**macOS amd64**
`curl -Lo skaffold https://storage.googleapis.com/skaffold/releases/v1.37.0/skaffold-darwin-amd64 && chmod +x skaffold && sudo mv skaffold /usr/local/bin`

**macOS arm64**
`curl -Lo skaffold https://storage.googleapis.com/skaffold/releases/v1.37.0/skaffold-darwin-arm64 && chmod +x skaffold && sudo mv skaffold /usr/local/bin`

**Windows**
https://storage.googleapis.com/skaffold/releases/v1.37.0/skaffold-windows-amd64.exe

**Docker image**
`gcr.io/k8s-skaffold/skaffold:v1.37.0`

Note: This release comes with a new config version, `v2beta28`. To upgrade your skaffold.yaml, use `skaffold fix`. If you choose not to upgrade, skaffold will auto-upgrade as best as it can.

Highlights:

> * Allow and deny list support for schema field overwriting [#7056](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/skaffold/pull/7056)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New Resource selector to allow or deny transforming specific resources in deploy stage [#7056](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/skaffold/pull/7056)
```

* Cross-platform support for kaniko builder [#7142](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/skaffold/pull/7142)
* Cross-platform support for GCB build env [#7134](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/skaffold/pull/7134)
* Cross-platform support for jib builder [#7110](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/skaffold/pull/7110)

New Features and Additions:
* feat: add basic metrics for resource selector usage [#7192](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/skaffold/pull/7192)

> * feat: Allow Confluent-for-Kubernetes types to be transformed [#7179](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/skaffold/pull/7179)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* feat: Allow [Confluent-for-Kubernetes](https://docs.confluent.io/operator/current/overview.html?_ga=2.137619952.1165154847.1647462431-157638067.1647462431&_gac=1.194052959.1647462431.CjwKCAjwlcaRBhBYEiwAK341jVVmaAbOOVWBcuYdjPp3PtwfEbiz48zXgui9hhn5stfT-G9JULvLuBoCZOIQAvD_BwE) types to be transformed [#7179](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/skaffold/pull/7179)
```
